the system is crumbling it's decaying
falling apart at the seams intervention
into the markets have caused a massive
dislocation like the Earth buckling in a
massive earthquake the tectonic shift
push and pull what was once steady and
stable into an absolute hell hole every
paper asset has become a playground for
a computer algorithmic trading while the
individual is unable to save a penny you
came here for the truth so let me unveil
that for you today let's cover a bunch
of different issues beginning with this
John McCain is increasingly mad as hell
about President Trump and on Friday he
went after Trump hard during the speech
in Munich the Republican senator pointed
a striking Point BYO takedown of Trump's
world view and brand of nationalism he
didn't mention Trump but apparently he
didn't have to I mean McCain this goes
back to years ago an individual that is
on the inside he's as inside as it
gets one of the minions of the system a
powerful person indeed in the realm of
the minions let's say and this
individual here goes to Europe and tries
to push the agenda there they want to
create enemies worldwide this is
the idea for what could be the
fomenting of war war is ever profitable
there are many different types of War
these days but But ultimately the
military industrial complex is making a
lot of money and even if it doesn't go
into a hot war or anything else cyber
war or whatever just the thought that it
could means you need more military
presence more Munitions more technology
everything and that gets the businesses
booming so it's interesting what what's
happening with you know the cold Wars
that take
place you know that the military is
still making money in that
way all right let's look at this Apple
Inc in the coming months will start
assembling its lower price iPhone at the
plant in Southern
India and this is seemingly a little
different of a situation rather than
going to China China and what we can see
what we've noted here before is that
China has decided to slightly increase
the wages that these individuals make
then you have the terrible conditions
that are going on and all of the news
that is coming uh come out from
foxcon those factories there are
obviously uh in terrible conditions and
that's getting too much media attention
so what do you do you make it in India
instead not in the US it's being made in
India us car maker Ford is sticking with
a plan to open up two Auto Parts plants
in Mexico this year despite earlier it
had announced that it scrap the plans
for separate Factory there the money
that is given to these corporations
whether that is through the easing on
taxation on the big corporations instead
of on every body that
is and then you have uh all sorts of
different loopholes you have the
bailouts which funnel money directly
from the taxpayer into the hands of
these
corporations what do they do they build
factories
overseas they take your money and they
build factories overseas this was most
notable with um factories opening up in
China and Brazil and what do they do uh
I think it was even previous to that
opening up factories the Chevy vault in
China I mean you have
to look at it and think to
yourself who ultimately is in control of
the corporations at least on the surface
level we would say that the shareholders
are and the board of directors and you
know all of the cclass individuals the
CIO the CEO and everyone else the
presidents and everything they need to
answer to the shareholders then that
means having profits increase every
single quarter and how do you do that
well you don't take your production line
and make it uh put it somewhere where
it's going to be more expensive no no no
they've they've done that where they
move the jobs overseas and then they're
going to replace those jobs with
automation don't worry
it's going to be replaced soon enough
anyway that's what I see plans could
open up in the US I'm not saying that
they're not going to I do believe that
they will in fact but ultimately big
business it's taking its profits
overseas and that just it's just the way
it is you're chasing corporate profits
the maximum amount of profit is required
at all
times speaking ahead of an address to
the Munich security conference the
richest man in the world Bill Gates said
that while governments are concerned
with the proliferation of nuclear and
chemical weapons they are overlooking
the threat of biological
warfare and what so I read the article
anyway and thinking what's Bill Gates
selling
today an individual that you
know the biological warfare I even talk
about in my new book where they talk
about 200 in wasn't it if I'm not
mistaken 200 incidents a
year
of uh different biological components
going missing you know they have
these diseases that they either create
or they make it into a weapon biological
warfare and then it escapes their
facility
oops and that was even confirmed in a
case which I covered on the channel
before I believe it was there was a one
facility lockdown facility nearby there
was another facility that had some sort
of apes or something and even though
they're not ever coming supposed to come
in contact with each other somehow they
tested those apes and they had that
virus or whatever it was and how does
that happen it's it's on purpose
everyone it's on purpose to see how it
would spread let's keep a close eye on
it don't say anything and let's just see
what happens how fast do these
biological agents spread what would
happen would the news pick it up would
people be concerned would you know
anything they test they're always
testing and the testing isn't done in
the laboratory no no no it's done in the
real world look at how they spray
people believe it or not in I think it
was Chicago this has been a few years
back where they were spraying people in
the subway to test chemical agents no no
it's a neutral it's neutral this one we
promise it's totally neutral but we're
going to test for it anyway stop the
ranting here all right speeding up the
vaccine production thank you Mr gates
for increasing the the vacc seen
production thank you Mr gates for going
to
India
and immediately
upon giving the
vaccines to the
Indians
they I think the statistic was 50,000
50,000 people innocent
people had Polio paralysis
right after getting their vaccines and
those are the last numbers I saw
50,000 why weren't they any higher well
quite frankly I think as soon as the
news got out and that was at the 50,000
Mark they shut that down and not the
vaccine
issuance the inoculations no no no they
did this stopping the media from rep
reporting on it that's what
happens that's how you shut down the
truth us corporations have long resisted
bending to the demands of the computer
hackers who take their networks hostage
are increasingly stockpiling Believe It
or Not Bitcoin the digital currency so
they can quickly meet Ransom demands
rather than lose valuable corporate data
so there are individuals out there who
are holding companies and individuals
hostage they are saying you owe me money
if you want your data
back I have the encryption Keys your
data has been encrypted and if you want
it back you got to pay me so they're
simply setting up Bitcoin
wallets ready purposely ready to dish it
out to people who hack into their
systems this has gone to a new level I
find it interesting though that it's
it's in Bitcoin because that's what
these individuals perhaps would like
it's an encrypted service and you can be
able to
transact nice and easily it would do
well for somebody who's hacking into
your computer
systems this right here is um a growing
problem because it could be
used as a disadvantage it could be used
against us
they could say we you know create a
false flag out of it and say that our
government agency has been hijacked by
you know China or Russia or whoever and
we need to basically just for just for a
short period of time we need to halt
your freedom of speech just for a short
period of time we have to Halt this
Freedom or that freedom and soon enough
you'll have nothing
it's a classic case that I worry about
all the
time this one here just ah you know it
really got to
me ACLU sues the county over fencing
around Santa Hana River homeless
encampment all you know whatever the
article about doesn't even matter what's
important is that the homelessness has
become so
bad that there are camps everywhere tent
cities are becoming so popular and yet
we have the ignorant masses that come
out and say stupid things like
everything is just fine you're a fear
mongerer shut up you don't know what
you're talking about stop do you know
all this hate when I'm coming out and
I'm just reporting the truth the US and
the West in general is in a mess and I'm
being politically correct I'm being nice
by saying it's in a mess it's a fraking
hell
hole I'm looking at it every day I get
reports of homelessness of poverty
increasing of people suffering you know
how many people contact me directly and
talking
talking about their suffering you don't
want to hear that and not be able to
bring that out you want to share that
information and make people realize look
you and your neighbors you might be okay
but the person down the road isn't now
what is the best way to solve all of the
problems that we are encountering today
all of them is that we need to increase
prosperity and and of course that's not
going to happen we could do it on an
individual level individuals can become
more prosperous can reduce their
expenses learn how to get out of debt
learn how to make income all these
different things but in general if we
were to increase Prosperity there would
obviously be less poverty there would be
less homelessness you would have
individuals uh earning more income that
means they could buy more things that
means that small businesses and big
business say will start to do better you
will have less crime because of course
where there is poverty there is
crime this is important to
note and this is what I'm trying to do
in my own way I'm trying to help out
creating books I got all the plans I've
talked about it before let's move
on I thought this was really interesting
I couldn't believe it I had to read it
twice but in some place around the world
they tell you that gold has no economic
value like when I spoke to an individual
who works let's just say he works for a
wealth management company in Canada and
he said gold has no economic
value and was very upset at me actually
at the thought that you should have gold
as part of your
portfolio one of the first posts Soviet
republics to adopt a new currency and
let it trade
freely kjan kistan hope I pronounced
that correctly Central Bank wants every
citizen to diversify into gold can you
believe it he's saying it's his dream
the governor his dream for every one of
the Six Million citizens to own 100 G
that's 3.5 o of gold that's
huge to tell your citizens that you
should invest in gold saying gold can be
stored for a long time and despite this
is what I always say this is why the
reason I'm bringing you this article
gold can be stored for a long time
despite the price fluctuations on
International markets it doesn't lose
its value for the population as a means
of
savings that's the key that's why I like
gold a lot of people are invested in
Gold purely on the speculation that it's
going to go up in price they're going to
sell it at the peak and they're going to
live free you can do that if you'd like
to I wish you all the best I really do I
don't know what's going to happen with
the price I you know it it should be
higher from what I I've researched on my
own just based on all the you know
mathematical formulas and everything
that I've
seen but I don't know but I do believe
that everyone should have some gold in
their portfolio worst case scenario you
hand it down to your children you hand
it down to family members friends
whoever that's important to note and
then another thing about gold this is
actually an interesting article that or
image a set of images that you should
check out if you're interested in gold
or not interested in Gold this is
the visual capitalist they do a lot of
really good
work this is all of the gold mine in
human history sitting beside the Statue
of Liberty just to give you an idea of
how little gold they're actually is
think about that all the gold in human
history all of it piled up beside the
Statue of
Liberty it's rare there's no doubt that
it is rare now perhaps there's a lot
more down in the Earth but at this time
look at it there's not much there and
then it shows you compared to different
things basically it's interesting that
when I look at the dollars that they're
printing all this fiat currency the
paper
assets it's it's infinite they can just
continue to print and print and print
and print whereas when you have a solid
base some sort of fundamental
there you have a more solid foundation
that's all I'm trying to say something
real behind all of this Fiat would
really help out a
lot if you found this video informative
please give me a thumbs
up last but not least if you found the
video informative I know you will find
my book The Money GPS even more
informative so head over to Amazon they
have a look inside feature that's going
to allow you to flip through the pages
of the book and see if you like it take
care